Reply-To: <mralfredmorris@mynet.com>
From: "Mrs. Sherry Williams"<info@coopsrc.com>
Subject: 119.28.52.47
Date: Fri, 26 Jan 2018 09:00:24 +0100
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1251"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000

Dear Friend,




How are you today? Hope all is well with you and your family? I hope this mail meets you in a perfect condition. I am using this opportunity to thank you for your great effort to our unfinished transfer of fund into your account due to one reason or the other best known to you.




But I want to inform you that I have successfully transferred the  Cheque out of the company to someone else who was capable of assisting  me in this great venture Due to your effort, sincerity, courage and trust worthiness you showed at the course of the transaction I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum $250,000.00 (two hundred  Fifty thousand united states Dollars)in addition to your lottery winnings of $500 thousand now amounting to $750,000.00(seven hundred and fifty thousand United States Dollars).




My dear friend I will like you to contact the finance house for the collection of this international certified bank draft. The name and  contact address of the Person with your Cheque is Mr. Alfred Morris, is as follows.





COMPENSATION AND FINANCE HOUSE HEAD OFFICE





CONTACT AGENT: MR.ALFRED MORRIS.





Email: (mralfredmorris@mynet.com)




                                
At the moment, I am very busy here because of the investment projects  which myself and my new partner are having at hand. Finally, remember   that I have forwarded instruction to the finance house on your behalf  to send the bank draft to you as soon as you contact them without  delay. Please I will like you to accept this token with good faith as  this is from the bottom of my heart.




Thanks and God bless you and your family. Hope to hear from you soon.
My sincere advice to you as a christian is that you should endeavor to pay your tithe to a bible believing church when you get the prize.




Best Regards,
Mrs. Sherry Williams




N:B So sorry for have contacted you for so long it was due to the fact that i was responding to medical treatment i went for surgery and ever since I came back I couldn't locate you until i finally made it. That  was why I am contacting you back to inform you that I finally made it as a result of this I had to compensate you with this offer.
